So it's about 10 o'clock. There we go.
That's awesome. Okay, yeah, I'm gonna start recording. Okay, cool guys. So we wanna use every minute that we have with Bob.
Okay.
So we're gonna kick it off. We told everybody Bob that they needed to have read demand side sales to be here.
We also told them to prepare questions so just so you know where they are in their journeys, they've all completed at least one round of jobs to be done.
I complete with screening criteria, everything, and they presented their why behind the why, clustering exercises 2 weeks ago.
Okay.
So now I'd love for we have a few standouts that Neil and I have chosen that I think everyone would benefit from hearing and you guys can go at your leisure if you'd like but run bear club wreck cicada and Trevor's I'd love to start with those 4 and then if we have time for other people to come up and ask questions that'd be great.
So the 4 of you guys, whoever wants to go ahead and raise your hand and Come up, tell Bob a little bit about your company.
What your screening criteria was, what insights you gathered there so that you guys can discuss implications going forward.
Does that sound good, Bob? Is, is there anything else you want them to say?
That's all. Nope, that's awesome. That's awesome.
Cool. Maybe Mancha, do you want to start and then we'll go to snow and then club rack in Trevor if they're there?
Okay, snow.
I have some trouble with the internet. Let me go last. It will stabilize.
Hi, Bob. I'm really sorry about, it's little bit I'm not native speaker and I need to learn more about from other co-founders.
Hold it, totally fine.
Yeah, may I come a little later?
Okay.
Yeah, I'm here. I'm hoping to go. Hey, how are you?
Okay, Club Break, are you here? Ally, kick us off. Okay, tell us about your company and your JTVD.
Okay, perfect. So a little bit about Club Rec first.st we are a company that works with employers who are struggling to hire applicants fast.
We're a platform that combines AI scoring and matching with gig industry expert interviewers to create a really quick turnaround time from application to interview and effectively the gig industry expert interviewers are on our platform basically just monetizing their skills and expertise to conduct interviews in their free time.
With the applicants who are specific to their industry. So this allows the companies to save money time and resources without compromising quality of the interviews themselves.
Someone want to kind of pause 1st and just see if you have any questions on that.
Got it. Let me play it back to make sure I got it is like you you help employers basically get to interview faster by actually having third-party people interview them faster by actually having third-party people interview them, by actually having 3rd party people interview them, record it, and basically summarize it so they can actually screen faster and get to basically that interview as fast as possible.
You got a Bob and just one more thing layering in. The buzzword of the past couple years, AI.
So we're also utilizing AI wherever possible.
Yeah, you're summarizing each of the interviews via AI. And basically to match to the points of whatever they're looking for.
So it's like, take the job description basically and map it to it and describe a fit. Of that person to the job.
Exactly, yeah, so that fit process happens 1st and then let's say you have a thousand people apply as you often do and you, you know, submit a job posting to indeed.
Yeah, I would score everyone's job description compared to the resume and you'd be able to say, okay, I want anyone with a score of 85 or above, for example, to be interviewed.
Got it. Okay, cool. And, is it up and running?
Yeah.
We're close. We're right now doing it in a very manual sense off platform.
Yep.
So we're conducting the interviews over Zoom. The platform right now we're just tackling bugs to make sure that it's like fully functional.
We've been testing for probably the past 3 weeks. So we're really close. We're in the home stretch and getting it.
Are you building your own LLM then out of this? Is that what you're doing?
Are we building sorry what?
Large language model to basically do the AI part or is it is it literally you're not building your own, your own language, large language model.
You're not there yet.
Yeah, I would love to do natural language processing, but we're We're team of 4 and you need a lot of inputs to get the right ops there.
Hello.
So we're effectively chat UP wrapping at least at this point in time.
Yeah, got it. Gotcha. Thank you. Okay, cool.
And, what's the cost? Or do you not have costing yet?
Yeah, so we have preliminary costs. We've been getting some feedback that is too cheap. I personally am of the implication that I'd rather it be cheap because we're just, it's MVP, right?
We're, we're not a great product at this point in time. So I'd rather be cheap get the customer learnings and then as we make it better, then we could potentially increase our cost.
But the way that it works is so we have 3 tiers of pricing at the moment based off of the level of the role.
So if you're trying to hire like director level and above for example, you're going to need an interviewer who's more qualified to do those interviews as opposed to if you're trying to hire, let's say, a new chef at a cafeteria at a public school, for example, right?
So the highest tiers a dollar 50 per minute for those like director level above mid-manager is a minute a dollar minute excuse me and then those lower level roles are 50 cents per minute and again you can basically pick like you know 20 min interview 30 45 or 60 again mostly it's gonna correlate to the level of the role.
Got it. Okay. Okay, good. How are, how did your interviews go?
They went well. We originally had the wrong screening criteria we conducted I think 3 or 4 interviews with that and then came to the realization with a lot of help from Kate.
Tell me rest of the group and again just so you know that sometimes these kind of errors actually are really good learning lessons and so I want to make sure that the team understands what what you mean by you had the wrong screening criteria.
What what was wrong with it and why? You know, what, what did you do to fix it?
I feel like I'm in a jobs to be done interview right now. You're like digging in on the details.
Yeah. That's what I can't help myself. I'm sorry.
Details matter. No, it's good interview technique. So we conducted, I think it was like for interviews with, the criteria around people who had recently onboarded or switched to a new ATS applicant tracking system.
And we also were looking at like people who were kind of like HR consultants. And so there were 2 issues with that.
The 1st was Our system isn't necessarily an African tracking system. Like could we be that in 10 years?
Yes, but we were looking more. We change the screening criteria specifically to look for companies who had hired a HR recruiting consultant or a new HR recruiter specifically from an ATS.
And the reason we did that is because again, we're not an ATS, but also we wanted somebody who like felt the burden of hiring and that they couldn't do it themselves and therefore they had to like outsource that like roller function to another person.
Right. So part of this is screening people who don't have any system and higher outsourced people to say, okay, how do I compete with this going from 0 to one?
It's not the people who have an ATS to switch to yours or to switch to a different one.
Yeah, yeah. And so yeah, we change that and then we changed it to trying to find like the business owner or the primary person who actually like hired that.
Outside recruiter, outside recruiting agency. The person who was really making the decisions.
So let me just. Well, let me just tell the, I think that's an important switch, right?
What what what you're really going after is what I call non-consumption. People who want help but don't know even how to get it.
And so they're literally looking at these other things where if you're looking at people who already have any and ATS and want to switch, it's kind of an incremental kind of like help me improve what I'm already doing where the other one is like I don't have anything help me just get started and so those those tend to be people that tend to be a little bit cheaper, but ultimately the fact is
you're gonna learn a lot about it and think about the not what we call non-consumption.
How many people want ATS but actually don't know how to get one? And that actually is probably a really big number where how many people have an ETS and want to get a better one?
Yeah.
That's probably not a big number. Right, so I think that's a real shift in terms of recruiting and also probably very different types of insights you would get doing interviews on people who don't have an ATS moving to an ATS versus having an ATS and upgrading.
Yeah, and big shout out to Kate. From the tech stars team who helped us make those shifts because it became very clear in our 1st couple of interviews that we just we weren't hitting on the right cohort of people, and it would have been detrimental to our insights if we had kept going along that route.
And did you find people who like were responsible for the hire or responsible for basically, you know, a kind of responsible for the process of recruiting.
Okay.
Yes.
Process of recruiting. So, I mean, sometimes they were making the hires themselves, but oftentimes they were the one like deciding, okay, we need to hire an outside agency, for example, or we need to hire a recruiter to tell us.
And is there a specific vertical that you're looking at or is this as broad as possible?
It's broad. We through jobs to be done and talking with our mentors have kind of honed in on 2 really meeting cohorts that I think we want to tackle from a sales perspective where this problem fits.
Their needs. So the 2 that we've identified, I kind of came through this, but it didn't that wasn't necessarily people we targeted for the interviews.
Yeah.
Originally is, you know, startups who are maybe their Series A series B, they have a boatload of money in the bank, they need to scale and they therefore need to like hire a ton of people in order to hit the goals to then get to the next series.
So that's that's subset one and then subset 2 was those like Really? We call them evergreen roles where they're like typically lower level and they're very high churn.
So you can think of we're working with DHL Express, right? Like drivers operations people we're working with, South West convenience.
Yes.
Culinary which does cafeteria workers for public schools right so these roles were like there's a lot of rules open people are constantly shifting in and out and it's not necessarily a super high skill set where like anyone could interview them and you can generally tell whether or not they're a good fit with in the 1st like 20 min of a conversation.
Got and do you have any early reads on whether like the more evergreen rolls is kind of better for the technology or the series A series B kind of like scaling.
Or is it good for both?
I think it could be good for both. We're trying to beta test with both users, but what I'm trying to figure out also is the sales cycle.
So the sales cycle, I would presume with these like bigger companies that have higher turn is going to be longer just because they're like slow moving companies versus the startups are like, alright, let's go, we trust you, you know, you're a tech based company, we're a tech based company, like we're a startup, let's be faster.
It's less red tape too in terms of who can actually approve it.
Oh, I'd like to, I'd like to debate that a little bit because I think Series A is they, they typically will not have HR or if they do it's very unsophisticated HR and so what's gonna happen is is they're gonna be doing so many other things that it actually might be slower to do a series A because though it's a priority, they're
still building. They're still doing all these other things where the evergreen is literally, it's an ongoing problem and they have open roles like I was just at a company where they had 24 open roles for the last 18 months.
Tell them to come to us. Yeah.
And I'm like, okay, That's what I'm saying is that those people, they don't know how to fix it and they might move a little slower, but if you find people who have a little slower but if you find people who have very large open rolls that they can't fill Typically what you're going to find is that the job description suck.
Right. And so what happens is people don't know what they are and so you might actually have to help them write a better job description before you actually do your interviews.
Yep, Art has brought this up and we were. Okay.
Yeah, the way they write it, it's like, shit, I don't wanna do that job, right?
And then you're matching your mashing in our algorithm would also be wrong.
The. Exactly. So, so one of, so I've just finished a book on, studying why people move from one company to another and what I'll tell you is but the one of the big ahas I had out of it is the job descriptions are made up.
They are literally a wish list of what you want people to do, especially the shitty jobs. The shitty jobs are like, oh, they can get us coffee and they can do this and they can do that.
Is like you're just making a list of things and no human being can fit into that job. And so part of it is describe it's almost like the thing that I would suggest is to think about how you actually talk about how well they fit, but also where their gaps are because they can actually redesign the job position so that like again I think the trend is going to be redefining the work to fit the people
as opposed to trying to find the people to fit the job.
Got it. Okay. I'm like, I'm putting my product head on. How could we help them write better job descriptions in the 1st place using AI potentially?
Exactly, exactly.
So that then therefore you get better matches, you get better interviews and get better hires.
So, my example is what the hell does 5 years experience mean? Like if I have somebody who has 2 years experience and they have all, if you can unpack what 5 years experience means, I don't actually have to have 5 years experience anymore.
Right? And so this is where people just end up making like, like if you literally go through the job description and you literally go like, why do you have this?
What's it about? Packet that will actually have a huge impact on being able to, it's 1 of the reasons why they can't fill those positions.
So it's not.
And, and then you get like, okay, someone with 4 years experience, who's like, do I even bother applying to this job?
If it was 4 years of really great experience, you could be more qualified than somebody who had 6.
Exactly. That's right. So this is where I try to make sure that the job is description doesn't actually have like a time-based like like in some cases like they have a college degree.
Well, what do we want them to have? What kind of experience? Do we want to have to say they have a college degree?
Because part of it is proving that they can learn and they can get through and get a degree but they might have been able to improve that in 4 other ways besides going to college.
Yes, for sure.
Right? So this is this is where you start to realize like you're you're trying and what I would say is most of the jobs that are on this evergreen side aren't college degrees, but they put a college degree on it.
That's good.
Yeah, yeah. We're also thinking like how can we mitigate bias in the hiring process? You know, inherently.
Bye.
Bias comes up when you're hiring, whether you're trying to hire. Subconsciously or consciously, you know, like-minded people, similar backgrounds to you, similar ethnicities and things of that nature.
So, trying to also think how can we utilize AI to make sure the job description doesn't use words for example that more are more geared towards like a masculine audience versus a feminine audience, for example.
Yes. But I think the fact is you have to realize it is a biased system. You're trying to choose one person or a set of people out of another group.
Yeah, and merit based.
So it has to have a bias. You just want to make sure the bias is fair. But that's, and, and outcome-based.
And so this is where you, this is why if you get the job description to outcomes, you actually make it less bias.
Got it. Okay. Alright, to jump quickly into just like we have 3 cohort if this is helpful.
Yeah.
Can I talk to you about our 3 cohorts that we clusters? Excuse me. So the 1st cluster that we have, I should just share my screen here quickly.
Yeah, as I said, can you share your screen that will help me?
Yeah, we can see.
Alright, can everyone see that? Is it full screen? That's still pretty enough. All right, great.
So the 1st cluster that we have is my team is going to leave me. This one I think is the strongest and came through the most frequently.
Where people are just really stressed and it's an emotional time and either the cruders themselves or the people who manage that are managing the open roles, they're just getting really burned out in overwhelmed from just like the sheer volume that's needed.
And as a result, they're not hitting, they're hiring goals. So our JDK TPD statement here is when I have recruiters getting overwhelmed and over burden.
I want to alleviate their stress and bring on additional hiring to support so that I can avoid attrition while still hitting or hiring goals.
Got it. And so my team is going to, is it, is it my team is leaving me or there go like, is this a fear or is this a reality?
It was, I mean, mostly what we heard was was fear. Some of them were grounded in reality.
Yeah, yup, yup.
I think a lot of people also will like. This is probably me speaking a little anecdotally here, but like we'll make threats of like I'm sober doubt I'm gonna leave and that then just like amplifies the anxiety overall, you will naturally have attrition and this might be a reason for it, but I think people's reasons for leaving companies is not necessarily just one thing.
So one of the things I will tell you is that the reality is worth probably 10 times the fear. So meaning people might pay enough.
Because the fear, but they'll pay 10 times more if it's happening. And so instead of saying my team, when my team is going to leave me, it's when my team has started to leave me.
Is leaving me.
Yeah, is leaving me and so all of a sudden it's like oh my god that's it and it and it already covers the fact of like could be because they feel like oh my god they're gonna leave it's like they are leaving me like it's it's it's already built in it but the notion is is when it really happens is when they're willing to pay more.
This is where value is actually contextual and we have to realize like at some point some people will vary this but they might only pay 100 bucks for it but they'll pay 500 bucks or 1,000 bucks to actually get it to stop
And then, yeah, we, I mean, it's, we have some competitors out there indeed for example indeed hiring is probably our biggest competitor though they're pretty small still they are charging thousands of dollars per interview.
So They've kinda hit on that, what you're saying is like people are willing to pay up.
That's right. The other thing is if it's too cheap, they don't think it's good enough.
Price and quality.
Right? That's the other thing you have to, you have to, because I'm, I'm worried that you're pricing it like the supply side, which is so much an hour, so much a minute.
And they just want to know like it's 60 bucks. Like my belief is to estimate it to be 20 and just over overdo it because they'll say a hundred bucks.
I'll do it for a hundred bucks. But to to make it variable then all of a sudden they feel like it's some some form of risk they have And so you might test the fact that you actually look at the like.
Hmm.
Selling it as as a fixed fee on the high as opposed to being kind of a per minute basis
So would you do it a fixed fee per roll or like a fixed fee just to use the platform in general?
I think, I would think about the role. So it's almost like I would actually have a fee for basically using the platform and then a fixed fee then a feed for basically the different roles.
Cause you, you're recruiting people to pay for it and say like for us to get the right people to do this.
Okay.
Correct.
This is gonna be that much. Cause if they like The other thing is to think about the math that they're doing.
How are they actually calculating the value of this thing? Is this by the value of their time? Is this the value of the open roll?
Is this the value of paying a recruiter? Like, where's the reference point of what, where's the value come from?
Do you know what I mean?
Yeah, so we found that the for those who use recruiters, typically you're paying a recruiter anywhere between 15 and 30% of the roles annual salary.
Yes.
Which is a wild amount, especially if you, you know, get to those director level roles or above.
So there is variability in that pricing model, which is kind of what informed our idea to have variability.
And so again, I would make that a reference point. To basically say there are people out there this you pay this much to do it like we can help you recruit the thing is they have to do more work than just the recruiting right because it's it's like you're gonna build it up but they still have to make the decisions along the way versus a recruiter is gonna basically bring the best one forward.
Correct. Yeah. And also we're just really doing like that top of the funnel, right?
Yeah.
Once they get through the AI matching and the 1st interview, like it's still on you and your team to make those final and final hires and, you know, submit offers and do the reference checks and all that.
So we're really just the sliver of the process.
Okay.
I think the other thing that I, and this is just me recommending, but I feel like if I was to recommend, I would tell you to go after the evergreen roles 1st because they're struggling with it. They don't know how to do it.
My belief is there's a lot of pee up people up in the series A, Serie B thing, but once you show how it works and show that it's almost a little bit of a DYI.
You can do it yourself, but we're gonna give you the supplements to do it so you don't have to pay.
You know, 3 months salary to do it, you can pay this much to do it. So I think that but having the case study around the evergreen people is actually gonna help both, but I think that you're going to spend way more time in the Series A series B trying to crack it where I think if you want to get traction, getting traction on this evergreen because no think of it this way, nobody wants to do those
Right.
recruits. And so if you can take that off their plate, they're willing to pay some good dollars, especially if you can get make progress with it.
And then they'll help you innovate to the upside of directors and other people.
Yeah, there's also just a bigger pool, one of our mentors specifically said, how many Series I series big companies are there right now?
Like not that that many. So you're a pool of potential customers much smaller. Where's the evergreen roles?
You know, there's a ton of huge companies that are constantly hiring.
In recruit the other part is to realize recruiters really don't like to do that level like this is the recruit you give the new recruiter the evergreen jobs because it's like that's the place where they can cut their teeth.
It's probably another reason why they suck at it. Right. And so.
And it's just so time intensive you get that for those type of roles you're getting thousands and thousands of.
You get thousands. That's why I think going to this notion of being able to go to the evergreen roles because it's just a harder problem.
But once you solve it, the other ones actually become easier.
That makes sense. And from a revenue perspective also, I think that opportunity size there is bigger.
Yeah, but there might be more money in the director level one, but I, again, I always like to start at the low end of the market and go up because it's some point it's very hard to start at the height of the market and go down.
Ali, do you have any final questions before we move on?
That my last question is so we're obviously going through we just went through jobs to be done.
How frequently should we continue?
Just show me the other one quick. Yeah.
Yeah. Recruiters are seen as incompetent, so they're pulling in people from other teams like.
You know, highly paid, engineers, for example, to do engineering interviews versus the engineering work that they're being paid for.
That's a, that's a big one. I don't I wouldn't call this as my recruiters are seen as incompetent.
It's more the fact this is I would put this as it's costing us too much in time and productivity to actually get the interviews done.
Yeah, yeah, taking away from the business.
Right? This is, this is actually, so the way they're gonna feel this is a productivity loss and and the way they're gonna feel this is a productivity loss and missing deadlines because they don't have the people and the and the people that are doing the work need to interview the people.
And this is a bit this I can tell you is a big is a like a big aha because nobody thinks about it that way they just start to recruit and then they don't realize kind of the implications of like yeah what I'm interviewing I'm not coding it's like holy shit Yeah.
Exactly. And then quickly the last one, which I think is the least strong, but is still really important is this idea of recruiting being the face of the company and not wanting to leave a bad taste in Canvas mouth, whether they're hired or not because you never know when that will come full circle and you wanna.
Keep your company's reputation intact.
Yeah.
Yeah, I would ignore this one right now. It feels it feels very. The other one seemed very, very tangible.
This one this one is like an aspirational one, but I don't feel like people will buy it for the aspiration.
They'll buy it for only when they've left a bad reputation already. So it's a cleanup problem more than it is.
Yeah, more reactive. Okay. Alright.
Anything else. Yeah, but I think the are very viable and look like those those feel right from my experience in the space.
Perfect. And I don't wanna run too much time, but my last question is how often should we be like refreshing this?
I obviously want to continue to interview all of our beta partners, but what's a good cadence to continue to do research like this as you go through?
Yeah, so my thing is typically what I'll do is I'll take the jobs and I'll end up having it be part of the onboarding process to basically say why are you here?
And ultimately that they can either self-select or we can actually think about the pushes and pulls that they are going through that say which job they're in to see if there's a new job but typically like most companies are not doing they're doing this like once and there's enough insight out of it that they can work for 2412 to 24 months before they have to repeat.
Now there might be some ongoing survey you might do on the, like I said, on the incoming or on the outgoing, but for the most part, like I don't think you have to redo the interviews because as long as you got the language, you're good.
Okay, awesome. Alright, thank you so much.
Is the language doesn't change much over time? It does like base camp language change much over time.
It does like base camp language change from 2,010 to 2,015 but it does like like base camp language changed from 2,010 to 2,015 but it was 5 years of change because then you had asana and 10 to 2,010 to 2,010 to 2,015, but it was 5 years of change because then you had Asana and Trello and all these other people in the market.
But when there weren't so many people in the market, they all have the same language. You don't have to do it that much.
Okay, this was very helpful. Thank you so much, Bob. Appreciate it.
Yep, thank you.
Okay.
Thanks for going first, st Sally. Okay, the next standout I want to go before we open it up to the group.
We have 2 more that I've chosen. Hello from Chavarus is going to go next followed by Muir Chem.
Let's see.
Hi Bob. Great to meet you. Thanks for making time for us.
Hi. Thank you. Let's go.
I'm trying to spotlight you too, I can't see you. Where are you? There we go. Okay.
Here, Bob. Now you can see her.
Oh, that perfect. Thank you. Hi, Jeff.
Come on.
Okay. Oh, okay, here we go. Awesome. So, Travis is a regenerative travel platform.
So for conscious travelers, looking to book more immersive experiences. Chavarus basically makes it easier for travelers to find a book off the beaten path travel.
Yep.
That's good for people on planet. We partner with, local. Travel operators like hotels, bed and breakfasts, tour operators that are either LEED certified or B Corp certified.
So on so forth. And then we're also through our JTV interviews, realizing that we need people are really seeking these like immersive cultural experiences.
Yep.
So we're also working on acquiring, really unique exclusive inventory to Chavarus, that is like deeply cultural, to that specific place.
So we actually just launched our pilot in Hawaii and have 25 lead certified hotels as well as around 89 towards and activities and then we're working on getting some exclusive unique inventory online in the next week or so.
We learned a lot through the, demands I've failed across. Yeah.
Okay. So. I've done. Yeah, so tell me what you learned on the interviews.
Oh my gosh, okay, so originally.
Top 2 or 3.
Yeah, so originally we thought that people really cared about sustainable travel, which they do, like everybody we talk to does, but we realize through the interview process that Basically, sustainability is a validator and not a motivator.
And so when we started hearing the language that people were using, it is in it inadvertently sustainable, but it's more so like.
Layman's terms so i wanna support local businesses i want to book cultural experiences. I wanna go off the beaten path.
I want the hidden gems. And then people would say, anyways, these tend to be, you know, environmentally conscious places anyways.
Yeah.
For the big learning for us is the language that people use. And then the other thing is we, found 3 subgroups or clusters within our, within our interview process that really kind of like helped us segment out our travelers into groups that we think that we can target.
The most high-end one was basically cluster one, which is I care about I pay pay people to care about the things that I care about.
So these are like people that would spend, you know, thousands and thousands of dollars to stay at a regenerative spa in the middle of nowhere.
Yep.
And then there was like a second cluster that was more around Identity. So I don't wanna be that American.
Tourist and they really deeply care about that identity like not wanting to be grouped into these like American tourists that go on these big bus tours and follow the Red Flags.
And now
Bye. They don't just to be clear, they don't know what they want to be, but they know what they don't want to be.
Correct. They know that they don't wanna be that.
They don't wanna be the loud, you know, kind of like they want to blend in.
They want to be able to speak the language enough that they basically feel like it's it's like people won't mistake them for being a tourist.
Exactly. Like, see, someone, one of the tourists goes so far as like the 1st thing that she does is go to a local boutique shop buy some clothes and then so she can just fit right in when she gets there.
Yep.
Like that's the 1st thing she does. The last cluster was off the beaten path travelers and then we broke this out into 3 subgroups because essentially these are all you know, travelers that really care about going the opposite way so they avoid the tourist traps they don't go to the top attractions they rather you know go to a hidden gem that takes them a day to hike
there. And these are travelers. We found.
There's, they're basically like travelers with adult commitments. And so one is they have kids now.
Yep.
And so they still really long to travel off the beaten path, but now they have kids. And so they kind of just revert to whatever is easiest.
Which is cost of travel, surprisingly enough. The second subgroup is the adult commitments with kids, but they still want to do the off the beaten pass travel.
So they do, they do both. So they'll do cost of travel plus off beat path. And the last one is basically these off the beaten path travelers that have adult commitments don't have kids and so they're willing to pay for essentially getting off the beaten path.
And so this is a subgroup that we're actually targeting now because these are people that have not necessarily book travel agent because they have a deep mistrust for travel agents.
They don't trust Expedia, they don't trust trip advisors top 10 list. But they'll like pay a local.
Yep.
You know, 2, $300 to help them. Recommendations. And so that's kind of where we're at right now.
Yeah, one of the interesting things in that I would say I'm glad you heard it, but like the notion of a trap, so I've done these interviews as well.
And one of the things you find is like people, I remember this very vivid interview of somebody going like like I just want somebody to help me organize and figure out where we want to go and what we want to do.
I'm like, oh, so you want to travel Egypt? No, no, no, I don't want a travel agent.
Yes.
Okay, so and then tell more. I'm like, okay, what's wrong with the travel agent?
It's like the travel agent is just the the person getting on the phone and calling. I want somebody who's gonna be responsible for me.
And so you start to realize like at some point, like when there's a problem, they want somebody to call.
They wanna be able to figure out kind of what to do. And so that like the travel agent is literally like everybody says they don't wanna travel agent, but everybody wants a travel agent.
It's so weird.
It's literally the greatest like it's a weird dichotomy of It's, but it's, it represents an opportunity, but, but there's like landmines in the middle of it because the language that you use, they're gonna, oh, you're a travel agent, yeah, I don't want you.
And you're like, no, no, no, I'm not a travel agent. So you really have to.
Right.
This creates the opportunity to have a really your own category, which is actually kind of cool, but at some point, like, so for example, the work that I've done in vacations is, so part of the satisfaction people get is by figuring it out themselves.
Yes.
So think of it as we do it for them. They are robbed of the ability to go like, I figured this out.
And so think of it as almost you trying to actually help them figure it out, but they're still gonna take the credit.
Right. We heard that, definitely.
Right? The other. Yeah, the other thing to realize is that in the travel business Like, 25%, most of the people who go on vacation just follow somebody else who set it up.
Yep.
There's so it's literally like 20 to 25% of the market is the people who actually just who decide where they're gonna go and then everybody else follows.
And so you've got to actually look at the people who actually do the planning and do the do the choosing because it gets back to is like, am I doing this for us?
Am I doing it for me? Am I doing it to get together? With old friends and by doing this to build a relationship, there's a whole bunch of dynamics around that.
And that then determines what what they can, what they want to do, right? And so my I believe is that the 1st question, although the reason why people don't like Expedia and, you know, booking and everything else is the 1st question they ask is where.
But the 1st question they should be asking is why?
Yes! 100%
Right? And so if you start with why, you'll win the game because at some point most people who plan something new need to actually have a way in which to capture that what are the things it's not what they want to do but what are the outcomes that they want from the vacation on their flight home?
How do they want to feel? And ultimately work backwards as opposed to, hey, we could go to Hawaii and in Hawaii you could do this and this and this and ultimately you'll feel this way so they they build the trip from what I call left to right but if you can build the trip from right to left meaning from the outcome back to what the activities are you could go to Des Moines, Iowa and still have a
very great vacation.
Totally, totally. Wow, you hit the nail on the head. I mean, that's ultimately what we found.
And, you know, we originally, I don't know if you like you've heard about our company, but originally we were going to be just a regenerative travel platform and we're like, wait, people don't know what that is.
The
And people want to. Have someone there for them to call. And so through this whole JTVD process and through our, you know, our insights, we created a secondary.
Yeah. Yeah.
Service called a local companion. Because ultimately what we realize is that people want to be able to just call a friend who's been there to be like, yo, is this the right place to go?
And so right now for our 1st 10 customers that we're trying to target. We're basically, they're getting me.
Yeah.
They're getting a local expert to text to be like, is this the best restaurant to go to right now?
Or, you know, we're on our baby moon and we wanna go to an easy hike.
What do you suggest? And being able to just kind of text a local friend on the go and and have those like last minute interactions.
And so
Yeah, have you seen that there's a couple people built and I don't even know if they still exist but there was one around like you know my second cousin or my Like, you know, something where it literally got you local people who are willing to sign up and, and really give you, tell you where to go when you're in a place.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, so there are like local expert platforms like there's like tours by local, but it's extremely expensive And so this is also what we found is like they almost kind of end up being like travel agents where you book it and it's 2, $3,000 for like the full day.
Okay. And so yeah.
Yeah, so what I'm thinking about is where people basically, Go and talk about like, oh, if I wanna, if I wanna hit the club circuit, it's like, like here's here, it's almost like a persona and then basically, here's, here's what you can do.
And then if people actually follow it, then they get paid. I can't remember I'll look it up.
Yeah, send her away. We'd love to.
I'll figure it out. My son actually found it It might not still be around, but like it was this place where you like you'd go to any small town and go like, okay, what can we do here?
And they'd have like some local who basically said here, like if you want to basically do the pub crawl, here's the pub crawl you do.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Right.
Yeah, yeah.
Can I pause really quick? Neil wants to add some.
Yeah.
Yeah, just to give a little bit of context here, Bob. Jalo's business like scared the crap out of me and, think you know why so all I've seen like travel companies on the surface like what she described in every single application cycle and over the past 10 years of my life working with entrepreneurs.
Yes.
So it's a scary business. However, what I trusted was their team and their ability to like be honest once they found out the truth of what's really going on with who they're talking to.
So given your experience seeing so many of these because I know we all I know Troy probably sees a ton too we all do.
Oh.
Any like final tips on how they can stay alive despite the red ocean that they they're swimming in.
Yes. So There's a couple. One is to realize is is things like sustainability.
Are a feature. They're not a reason to buy. So you have to like this is where you want it to be the feet you want it to be the reason to buy but it's literally like if I have all things equal and this was more sustainable I'll pick it But the fact is it has to be a good value prop on all the other dimensions.
So I would be careful around talking about sustainable and all those things because at some point time you got to know that trade-off of like when are they willing to say no I don't want to be that far off the beaten path because I feel insecure.
Sustainability is one of those things that everybody says, but when you ask them about it, they have no real definition of what it means.
Correct.
And so be careful that it's like one of those things you can, it's a rabbit hole you can spend a thousand hours on and get nowhere with it.
So I, I would, literally focus on, on the outcomes that people want on these trips and then figuring out how the best way in which to kind of Help them decide to do that because some people want it all done for them and other people want to figure it out and that's where you actually need to kind of separate the difference between people who want to figure it out because again I was shocked at the number of people who
literally wanted to do the planning because they felt like it was they were in control and it was creative. It was a very, so part of it is you taking all the work out of it.
Yep.
Well, actually make it worse. So you gotta actually figure out the work they want to do.
Oh, interesting. So when we launched this new service through Travis, we're calling him Travis Trips, we have 3 tiers, one is $99 for just personal wrecks.
So we ask them why they're going, what do they want to achieve out of their trip. And then we curate some recommendations that they can then book on their own.
Yep.
And then obviously when they book those experiences, some of those things have kicked back to us. And so we have 2 revenue streams.
The second one is an upgrade to that. So people that are like, I want you to figure out for me, but I actually still want to book it on my own.
And so we'll build those itineraries for them. It's $250.
And then they can then book whatever they want. The last.
Yes.
Yeah. I think that's, yeah, I think that's a great thing because at some point they, somehow they want control like they, in some cases they might, they'll say they're afraid of giving you your credit card for example or whatever and the thing is is the rail is like they want to book it themselves because they want to play the flight game Where can I get a cheaper? Oh, I can do it this way.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm gonna I'm gonna go with hedge this thing I'm gonna watch the pricing and you know I got that I mean like all that stuff, but that's part of what they're really thinking about.
Right. Yeah, that's absolutely true. I mean, one of the people we interviewed booked through a travel agent, but she wanted to do her flights on her own, specifically because she was like, well, I feel like I could save a few $100 there.
And it's so crazy because her trip through the travel agent was like, $12,000. So it's like, you want some, you want to save like 2 or $300 on a flight.
But then ultimately your whole trip is $12,000. It's not that much, but yeah.
But the
Yeah, the other thing is people, at least I'll just give you buy 2 cents is that people talk about being frugal, but it's really not about being frugal.
100.
It's about them feeling pride in how they buy. And so what you realize is that somebody will say, oh yeah, I got the cheapest flight to the thing.
I still spent $18,000 on the on the trip, but I got the best flight. You don't mean like what what's going on here?
Okay.
And so you just start to realize it's very, it's like there's a lot of irrational behavior in it and you've got to be able to focus on what people do versus what they say.
Hmm. So interesting. Yeah, that's also some findings that we, saw like this time value of money.
It's even about like being people will say they want to be cheap. Or they want the cheapest thing but really they just want the thing that has the most value for the thing that they want to do.
Yeah. Good morning and well.
Which, yeah, it's not about being frugal. Okay. I don't know.
Do you have a final question? Before we move on.
Yes!
Oh wait, I have I have 2 people for you to look up and just kinda follow who are really good who are really good jobs people in our so one is that is that a company called going it used to be Scott's cheap flights And so David Krell is he's a Chicago guy and I know very very well he used to be at Cars.
Com. He went in as had a product there and he's revamping the entire thing. So if you just Read their story, follow David Correll.
You'll, see what's going on there. And then there's another guy, his name was Andreas Betecourt and our BAA, BETA NCOU RT, and he's with a company called Travel Joy.
And travel joy is kind of trying to be the same kind of thing and it's not not that not Not that you need to copy them, but to realize like to see other people who understand jobs in the market and how they actually position themselves because they're doing a really good job.
Both of them are doing a good job in the travel space.
Awesome. Thank you so much. Well, this is great.
Yep.
Thanks, Jen. This was really cool. And for everyone listening, I hope this is super helpful to you guys as well because everything Bob is saying is applicable to everybody here.
Okay. So here's the thing is I'll take a quick break for a minute and listen and ask people like what have they learned from the 2 conversations we've had?
Love that. I love that. Raise your hand guys, I'll call on you.
Anybody learn anything? It's not good if you didn't learn anything, then I'm just gonna hang out.
Oh, I.
Good. Good.
Yeah. Okay.
That's for just here. Hi everyone. Great deal. I guess write down because I have a different business and more in decoration and design with a platform that we integrate with the retailers.
And but what you were discussing with Jillo it was like First, st create a category that's something like truly to think on, help them figure it out like not put something up like go with them from the why that's something amazing also like It's start not asking like what you want or where you want to go.
That's right.
Is that like, why are you here? And we are kind of analyzing how to really available platform.
We were and that's can be like the input you know like not saying what or saying here is what you know it's the same like here is why And that's amazing.
Here's the thing I'll Yeah, so here let me let me expound on that a little bit, which is most people don't know what they want.
They really don't and if you ask them they're going to make shit up. Oh god, it's gotta be this, it's gotta be bad.
And then you can see, what do you mean by that? Like, I don't know. And that means they don't know what it is.
And so part of this is you have to realize in some cases you got to provide stimulus, but what they do know is the outcomes they want.
They don't know the solution, but they do know the problem and the outcomes. And so think about the outcomes or if they say they want a feature it's like what can that what does that feature do for you that you can't do today.
Because that's really what you're going after, cause there's probably 20 ways to do that feature.
Not just one, and ultimately we end up copying whatever they say and then they come back at this is my nightmare.
It happens. I literally have this reoccurring nightmare. I'm going like, no, I didn't mean that.
I'm like, oh shit. You know? So this is where, again, being able to really understand and the I think, Jennifer Lowe basically has the opportunity to create the category because there's so much confusion in that category.
And there's there's people who say they like they don't want something but it's exactly what they want which gives you the opportunity to create her own category not many categories have that ability in it.
So, thank you.
Kevin, what about you? What did you learn?
I think the most important thing I learned is when, Bob said that People, if people can pay $10 for for what they are afraid of.
Yes.
They are going to pay times 10 that amount if that is happening in reality. So, and my key takeaway is to drill in towards, understand the fear.
And but also listen to what is happening in reality because that is what the main payment they are going to pay for.
So, so. So my example here is I've done a lot of work in cybersecurity, right?
Trying to get people to pay for cybersecurity before they've been attacked, they literally are nickeling and diming you.
They don't really want to spend the money. They don't really want to do it. But after they've been attacked, they're literally willing to pay anything.
Right? And so this is where you have to realize is like, are you better off trying to actually help people who have already been attacked then try to literally spend your time trying to convince people that they're going to be attacked.
Yep.
Yeah, that education. What about you, Ali? What did you learn?
Yeah.
Yeah, a lot that resonated 3 things when you said the pain needs to be happening. We're doing JTB interviews on consumers of warables for monitoring of stress and mental wellness.
Yes.
And, I've learned that that is absolutely right. People care about it when they're stress doesn't let them go on with their life and pull forward like they did.
And something that I've learned as well is that what people want is validation of their feelings.
That's the outcome that they want. Valuation that they can regain control. That their feelings are okay and they can regain control.
The other 2 things that resonated a lot about what you've been telling to Travis and, Labrec, part of the satisfaction is in figuring it out for themselves.
Yes.
That's right.
Everybody says they want insights, but when they use it, they look at the data. So they want to figure out things themselves and kind of like build how this, place into their life.
So I think that there's a lot that we need to dig into there. And the 3rd thing that I heard is don't price from the supply side.
Yes.
I've realized that because the pain is strong and it's very personal because people don't feel in control of their life.
They want to, they are willing to pay anything. They are like, you know, price. Hasn't been the anxiety factor.
For this particular space so I think that we need to rethink our pricing from that perspective too so
The other thing to me on that just it brings up a topic of like I've been working a lot with not for profits and what I tell them is like the funding is the hardest part for not for profit and if you really want to help a lot of people figure out the high end of the market and then use the profits to go help the low end of the market.
Better off building almost like a parallel companies one that services and gets profit and one that actually then distributes the profit to the low end but trying to actually just work in the low end you end up having to your customers end up being philanthropists and and and they only fund you for anywhere from 6 to 12 months at a time and you end up begging for money the entire time.
So if you if you really want to help the low end of the market, there's ways to do it, but you but ultimately find people who value what you do and are willing to pay you a premium for it so you can then go help the low end of the market.
Fantastic, thank you.
I'm loving this participation. One more, Marcel. What did you learn?
Or more.
Thank you both for this. I was listening to what you were saying to Jalo and we have in the we are in the restaurant space so it's as difficult as travel or maybe more as a more more so I I've sympathized with that so we hear we all interviews or we, we've just, totally, interview.
So our next, thing is gonna be interviewing the users, which is technically the stuff that are going to be using our product.
Yep.
And the one thing that we keep hearing from the restaurant owners that technically are not going to be using the system is that they want people to come back to the restaurant.
And they are using different systems to keep track of behavior. But at the end of the day, they don't know what to do with it.
That's correct.
They don't know what to use it. They don't, they don't know what they have.
And we've been struggling all this time. Building our product and our business model and it's just something click today in like yeah but they don't know how.
They don't know how. So.
That's right. How to help them figure out how and at the same time make sure that you get the insight because a lot of people make them work so hard for the insights that they can't do it that you could literally be a layer.
On top of all these other platforms that get this information and literally aggregate it to then tell them what to do.
Because nobody wants to tell them what to do and they don't have the time to do the insights.
Exactly. Yeah. Thank you.
That's awesome. So just to just to build on that one thing though is when you have users and you have buyers you actually have to do 2 sets of interviews if they're not so like in the travel business usually the buyer is the user so it's actually a very simple set of interviews or it's 1 set of interviews but if I have a buyer I actually have to think about what the buyer wants and
what the user wants and I have to almost negotiate between so my stupid examples I work for Mattel and if I if I built the toys that parents wanted kids would never use it and if I built the toys that kids wanted parents would never buy it.
So I had to end up figure out how to negotiate between the parent and the child. What was that?
What's the V diagram overlap where I can actually start to build something that they'll both appreciate because if I can't do that I could never build a toy that worked.
That's such a good example. I'm gonna use that as a to explain that because a lot of founders have that issue.
Between the customers and users.
Yeah, That's right, and so you end up being the therapist between the founders to use it and you have to realize like so for me I started out by building for users and I could get nobody to buy it and then I started to build for the buyers and then I realized the users were not being able to like if they didn't like it they'd actually get us thrown out so you have to design for both that's
just the the the That's the table stakes for being in the b 2 b business.
Okay, cool. I loved that. I picked one more company for you and then we'll do jump on and let other people jump in.
Yeah, yeah.
So, We'll do like 10 or 15 min for you, Mia, but why don't you tell Bob what you're working on, what you learned in GTP.
This company was a standout with their way behind the line. So I'm really excited for you to dig in.
Cool.
Thank you so much, Lilianna, for the introduction and the Bob for being here. I think your book changed our lives.
Yeah.
So yeah, thank you for that. So we help musicians make more money from live gigs. We provide them with QR codes or tapable cards like that that they can bring to their performances and when their audience scans those they can try for products and services or they can engage with interactive media, they can do all kinds of things.
Yep. Love it. Love it.
So we combine monetization features with interactive media features to increase earnings at live music. We've had an incredible set of learnings from these interviews that we did.
Hello.
So we started out interviewing musicians because we are musicians and we built this tool for musicians.
And we had a lot of trouble talking to musicians about monetization feels, hey, how do you monetize?
That, cause they, they don't get. Yeah. Exactly.
Yes.
Yeah, exactly. And we realized that beyond a certain level of performances per month or per year, all of these artists have managers and the managers are the buyers exactly what you're talking about even if the listener that's it Yeah.
Exactly right. Exactly right.
To be honest, the musicians actually have virtually nothing to do with this process. They're the content behind it, but ultimately who buys the system and who buys the stuff?
Musicians are just merely like content that goes inside all of this.
That
That's exactly right. And we noticed exactly what you mentioned. Yes, the buyer, the manager needs to sell it to the musician so he needs to be acceptable to the musician in the same way that the to be acceptable but beyond that the actual choice is taken by the manager, the purchasing decision.
The other thing is you might have to help the manager sell it to him. So my thing is you might actually figure out ways that people have successfully sold it to others and then literally build a template to help.
Show the other managers how to sell others.
Yeah.
That's incredible and we have not done that and we should absolutely do that. Yeah, so we started interviewing managers next after we interviewed the musicians and boy the gates of heaven opened it's incredible where we were struggling to get anybody to talk to us from the musicians the managers are like signing up for interviews in droves and super excited to talk to us about monetization tools.
Well, here's the thing, they struggle with a lot of things. So the thing I would be careful about and to be honest is that you might actually in this process find 2 or 3 other things to go build because managers of musicians are as disorganized as the musicians, but the same time they have responsibility to deliver.
And so there's some, there's some that are very organized, but most of them aren't.
They're like, they're the roadie who basically can't play but wants to be part of something.
You know, I mean, they're just they come from other places and so to realize like these people have a lot of struggling moments and there might be a lot of things you can do to help them besides just this.
That's exactly right. And that's exactly what we noticed. So we interviewed a few of them.
Yeah.
We got a 10 JTBD statements out of 7 interviews because some of them do multiple things and they signed up for multiple competing products recently and we've been starting to cluster them into groups and we're in the process of interviewing even more because this is still not conclusive at this point.
And if that's OK with you, I can share my screen and show you what we've found so far.
Please, please.
Okay, so for monetization purposes, at the moment we see 3 clusters. We see March, which is 4 people, well 4 statements by far the most used to all that people have to make more money from live gigs.
Secondly, we saw we see data which is coded in red. It's Lailo and set.
Live that these people have used. They are both data collection tools from the audience. So basically a way for them to get everybody's contact details to sell to them later.
Yup.
And lastly we found people that adopted new monetization pathways by just adding new payment methods, I think this is the least relevant for us because we're never going to compete with Venmo, I think.
Yep.
Anyway, so in March we did some clustering and early, the forcing function for everybody is that the concert is coming up or a tour is coming up and they need more merch for some reason is coming up or a tour is coming up and they need more merch for some reason either because the quality is bad or because the quality is bad or because they need to diversify or because the quality is bad or because they need more merch for some reason, either because the quality is bad or because they need to diversify or because the branding
is bad doesn't fit the band anymore and so they find the better manufacturing partner that can give them better merch that creates a cohesive brand for the band so they can make money and raise the profile of the band.
Let me come back to this in a second because it's a little bit, it's a little bit complicated.
Yeah.
So, yeah, so let me. Let me just let me just give you what comes to mind here is the fact is I would think about actually can you go partner with the manufacturing partners?
Exactly right.
Cause my belief is that there's a very consolidated group of people who do the merch. That you could actually, you could actually partner with the merch people and literally be able to say like this becomes something that they get with, the merch they buy from that place.
Yeah.
So now you don't have to sell yourself the manager. You basically as they look for merch, this becomes a feature to the merch vendor that literally that enables you to kind of be there and doing everything.
So it's you're now a more complete solution as opposed to being a feature or you know trying to actually connect with all these other things.
That's incredible.
Cause you could literally get to all that stuff so nobody gets a t-shirt at the concert. They get the t-shirt shipped to them and it's there tomorrow.
Okay, so we do that so we integrate right now with the merger and demand manufacturer called Printful and that's what we offer.
Got it.
Okay.
That's a core part of what we offer is when you go to a cicata store here you can buy merch on demand I just did a demo with a potential customer right before this so this is all merged that we've added to the store in collaboration with this with this merged manufacturer.
The problem is in this space We are not the merge manufacturer, as you say. So we don't control if the quality is good, if the shipment arrives on time.
And.
Yeah.
So we don't actually solve the problem. So we don't solve the problem at the moment that they talk about that that we need that they need better quality or it needs to fit their identity or whatever.
The only problem we solve is integration between the merged on-demand platform and selling it at the gig.
Right.
Right, but this might be the problem is that they see the problem bigger than you see the problem and they're looking to buy something that is actually a complete solution and you're selling them only a piece of the solution.
And so you have you have to be careful there because if they if it becomes too hard to integrate the solution on their own, they won't do it.
Right. So you're, we are selling a complete solution at the moment. We sell them this store that has all of their things on lessons and stuff and it has tipping and it has the set list and it has music videos and it has a bunch of stuff.
It's actually if anything a little too disorganized because there's too much going on.
So what we're trying to do is specifically to figure out what to prioritize 1st and what our killer benefit is that we're offering them.
And integration of one and all in one solution could be it, but that's a difficult proposition because that means we have to develop a bunch.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yes, But this is where, like I said, you'll end up selling to merch people as opposed to sell to bands and managers.
But the other part is by you knowing the bands and managers, you're gonna help the merch people sell.
That's incredible. And we've never thought about approaching the merged people themselves, this customer.
Yup.
So this is incredible. This is a whole new concept has been open to this. Absolutely incredible. If you want us to spend a few seconds talking about the other cluster.
Yep, yep.
Nope.
So the audience data is a big problem. Basically musicians don't control the tickets usually and so they don't have a way to connect to the audience after but those people that have listened to them are usually their most edicated fans or the people who are most likely to buy their stuff the main thing that people do here is they engage they use all sorts of texting solutions to get people's phone numbers to build phone lists
Yes. Yes.
together with mailing lists. This is a crowded space, I must say. Must say this is a credit space.
I'm a little wary of building in this space. We have a mailing list feature already on our application which is this year they can provide incentives for people to sign up with their mailing or phone number.
I would I would tell you Yeah, I would tell you to stay away from email. I would just do every text like the work that I've been doing lately is like.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Email is is close to like almost everybody is on the verge of declaring email bankruptcy like I've got too many I don't know what to do with it all what do I how do I manage it but texts are one of those things they're small and they're short enough and if I really want it I'm just gonna click it and I'm just gonna go it's like I'm gonna do it in the moment and so
then the act the execution is like oh they got a concert coming up where is it okay or like you know it's like something where it's the text is way way smaller and and faster for everybody.
Yeah, so yeah, so we have we have a texting just like this specific concert here happens to have an email field, but we can set it to be text instead.
Yeah, that's fine. Okay.
And, and, and, yeah, so that's, so, they are trying to get everybody's data and segmented by concert because they don't want to advertise to the people in Las Vegas if they're playing and playing in New York.
So that's a real problem that they have. There are solutions here that I'm not sure we can compete with, but there are there are solutions here that I'm not sure we can compete with but there are solutions.
Let, I just want to go back to like your structure. You have, you have when, want to and so that.
Yeah. Yes.
Yes, well
I would say when. Struggling with. I need, what I need. So it's like to make sure that the struggling moment is caused.
Yes.
It's the struggling moment is on top of the context. Like I have a constant coming up. I have this but that's truck most I'm trouble adding enough to get to my new context to the mailing list.
That's it. Yeah, yeah.
Like that's that's what they're struggling. So that's the that's the reason to buy.
Right. So cut the other stuff out basically.
Okay, Right, so I would I would break that one out a little bit and then, you know, I want to basically it's like the role the solution plays.
It's like what's the what's the role of solution plays so they can do what?
So it's.
Advanced fans quickly through the engagement funnel. Yeah, so that basically, yeah, and so they can sell to them.
There you go. Perfect. Yep, got it. Okay.
Yeah, yeah, exactly. So, so that's 1 thing. And then the payment method stuff is I don't think we can touch that it's well we want to not leave any money on the table when I'm at the gig and then not everybody has cash, I let people buy through Venmo because everybody has Venmo and yeah.
Let them have it. I'd say let them have the bigger the bigger like again, I think you can have People will naturally pull you into those things when you establish a beach hat on the merch in the audience data side.
Yeah.
They say, hey, help me with Venmo. Like, can you help me? Because the problem with Venmo is just the the fees, right?
So there's a lot of other solutions you can actually come up with so they actually save money, but it doesn't make sense to do anything with that first.st
It's almost something you want to do like, you know, phase 2 or later down the line.
Yeah. That's exactly what we thought. So that's incredible validation. Thank you so much.
So what we're trying to figure out right now, the main question we have is we have a product that is honestly very chaotic.
We do 17 things, some of them good, some of them kind of okay, and we don't have the resources in the team to build it out to do all 17 things great.
That's right.
And so the integration feature is not. Is not awesome, but that's kind of the main thing that we offer at the moment.
So we've noticed this disconnect in the, between what we have and what we need.
The 1 1 way to fix the chaos is to actually focus on the specific job. So do, instead of having one platform that does it all, think of it as you have products that fit on the platform.
Product. I have an audience product. I have a payment is product but it's all on the same platform and then you can start to build some organization around that based on what they're trying to do.
That's amazing. Yeah, yeah. So they could be personas basically depending on what they're trying to do, the users.
So like in intercom, what we realized is like, are you trying to, you know, convert people or are you trying to engage people?
2 completely different things and you start to realize like though the platform could do it all, the process to help people convert is very different than the process to help people engage.
And so they just literally turn features off and said, if you're trying to engage, here's the stuff you do.
Yeah.
And if you're trying to actually convert and then then here's the stuff you do. And so it's letting the the like that 1st screen let people know what what are you trying to do and then basically then take them into the process.
Amazing. Amazing. And, and, for a prioritization, prioritization purposes, what we're trying to figure out is whether we should try to improve their sales on existing channels that they know like March, should we help them sell more merch by offering diversity or on-demand or whatever it is that we offer a customization or should we try to create a new pathway for them to make money from
concerts. So we offer, among other things, things like the ability for them to make a paid song request or a paid dedication.
These products could be built out into more fully fleshed out solutions as they call them product inside the platform, but we're not sure should we focus on the less-tested waters of song dedications and paid requests and all of that which could open up new avenues for the customers to make money or should we focus on improving the existing products which are merchant tipping and stuff and help them figure that out better.
Yep. So, so I have a very, I have a very, I have a view on this.
Yeah.
And so one of the, tell you is fix the problems they have because that's what they can relate to the most and then once you build their trust you can add these other features in to do these other things.
You, might be able to get some, Beachhead by doing some of those other features, but I feel like at some point in time if we're really trying to get down to what helping people either make more money or save more money, we want to be in that space 1st and really show that we can do that.
And once we have loyalty, we can add a bunch of other features. This is where I try to say how do we make it as simple as possible to a problem that is as explicit as possible.
And once you have that attention, then you can start to introduce like, oh, would you like to do dedications?
Would you like to do a custom song? Would you, and it's like, some people would, might love all that, but the thing is I think trying to get the musicians The musician's attention to those things, they're gonna basically feel distracted as artists to be.
Right.
To be. And so I would actually put that as like kind of phase 2 of stuff we can go do.
Yeah, yeah, I understand perfectly. Focus on the most acute variant of the need and how they experience the customer.
That's right. That's right.
Any final question, Matcha?
Hey.
Amazing. Can we? Yeah, how can how can we do this again after we've done a bunch a bunch more interviews?
Go through Lilian and Neil and they'll set it up.
Amazing.
That's very generous.
Right. But typically when I do this, I want to make sure that I have 2 or 3 other companies like that do it simultaneously.
So, cause you'll learn from other people like people are learning from you right now and so it's that it's that having at least 3 other companies or 2 other companies, those 3 of you in an hour is very useful.
That's great. So for
It's worth
Please, I would probably sell, I would sell a good portion of myself for that. So thank you.
Please.
To build a coalition, reach it comes to me with a group and we can set it up. Okay, guys, we're gonna do a lightning round.
We have 23 min left. So intro your company briefly and then. Ask one question. So we'll go by raised hands.
It looks like the classroom. As a raised hand, I think that's for Richelle, right, of pair anything.
Go ahead and unmute.
Oh, Okay, hello. Right. So we provide food online parents for retailers, so we help shoppers.
You know, decide on what line to buy. Based on like what pairs of dinner and then we also help.
So we did jobs to be done with 5 directors of adult beverage. So these are adult leverage managers in the store.
And we cannot.
Yep. Like in total wine or places like that.
In places I sell food and wine. So.
Got it. So these are the Somalia's or somebody who's in charge of basically buying the wine to match it with whatever the chef is building or creating.
They, they manage the white students who actually work on the floor to stock. Thanks. So they're kind of like the managers of those 4 employees.
Okay.
But I'm a little stuck because based on those interviews I feel like it's not aligned so much.
Yes.
So for example, we learned like When they get promoted, they are expected to live up to their predecessors experience or they end along the bad stuff that they don't like about And so they want to push their own plans to raise sales and for customers that they could, they don't want to rely on IT or anyone else.
So that they're treated with the same respect from their leadership compared to the other categories for like food and snacks.
Yeah. Yeah, so,
I gotta think about like the so off off the like off the top of my head is looking at this is like these people are in the thick of it and they have a thousand other responsibilities besides just the alcohol, right?
And so they're doing personnel, they're doing all these other things, correct? Or is that not true?
Yeah, so it's funny, they literally said he's like, you bought this. Competitor of us, which is adding line employee training, right?
You bought that because it lets me get to my core job, which is pricing in. Like he's very obsessed with the pricing of each bottle and all that.
And so, so ultimately it's like what like. I just wanna make sure I have this right.
This is like somebody who's now in charge of a restaurant. The fact or basically, Yeah, it's an assistant manager or they a man, are they the manager?
Their assistant manager, right? Cause they're part of it, but they're not the one who's in charge of everything, right?
Yeah, so the directors with all beverage in a target for for example, or Whole Foods, they still have a boss above them called like BPO Sales who actually decides the budget.
And then they tell them like, hey, this how much I'm gonna give you. Do you like try to fix?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So this is for, these are for mostly for grocery stores and and places where they have food or self food but it's also for restaurants or just Big box.
Retailers.
So for now we're focused on large retailers, or sorry, small regional retailers.
We have a proof point with target, but target outsource is still a marketing agency. So we're starting to focus on.
Regional retailers that have their marketing in house.
Right. And they're, but they're, and to make sure that they, sell both alcohol and food.
They have to sell both.
Right, and we have a wine recommended as a service that we could do both. Because as you know, when you go to any alcohol aisle, it's confusing, especially for, new consumers.
Yeah.
Okay.
They you know they don't know how to navigate and so we help them navigate that and if if you know we heard from the grocery stores that if there's wine in the basket, it increases the spend by up to 65%.
But we're. That's the value that we bring.
Yeah, so so I gotta I gotta think about so part of me is So I have a stupid analogy, but it's like so I've done a lot of work in education And if I ask.
Teachers what are their struggling moments the innovations I come up with is a homework checker and a lesson planner and but it doesn't help that the students actually learn any better or any faster.
And so it turns out that you end up talking to the wrong person. You end up innovating around the wrong stuff.
And so to me, Is there a struggling moment about people wanting to find the pairing of stuff or is it is it so at the end consumer side or is it literally just to make sure that I can move the wine that I've got?
Right, because ultimately they're, they make a bad decision. They gotta put it in the bin and the bin basically like they have to write all that off.
Bye.
Right? You're trying to help them reduce the the the The turnover in the bin, more or less, right?
Here.
Neil, where's Neil? Neil, this is the 1st time I've been stumped.
Well.
This is hard.
This is really like I have not like I can't. Cause so let me just tell you why I'm stuck is that These people are literally sandwiched between customers.
Yes.
And management. And they're stuck in the supply side and they have a struggling moment but the reality is like It's like solving that struggling moment for them doesn't really help the consumer that much, right?
And ultimately, if I help the consumer, I can help them, but I just like, I'm not sure how much people are struggling with pairing, right?
Right.
Or explicitly with pairing. And so part of it is, is it's more of a merchandising tool to help me make sure that the wine I buy I can sell.
Is that right?
Correct. Yeah, so yeah, I think that like what we've talked about with parity thing is the main the main draw here is like very, very like.
Crudely, by using pair anything, you will sell more wine. Like very, very simple.
And, and then like that's, that's like the dead, like the dead honest truth.
There's not a lot of upside. On the consumer end. Beyond that. So
Yep.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is just an efficient innovation to make sure that I can actually the wine I buy, I can discount less.
Is that?
100%. So.
Yes, and alcohol is a very high margin. It's a ice margin for any alcohol beverage.
Oh yeah.
So there's a ice margin for any alcohol beverage. So there's motivation there.
So.
It's just.
Well, well pair anything thing just like a fun anecdote to see you know last time I was in Detroit in that office where Bob is right now I was taking a call.
Yeah.
And it was like 2 30 in the afternoon and I'm in the middle of the call and then Bob barges in the room with 2 glasses of wine and he hands me one of them on the call.
Why? Yeah.
It's some city you're drinking wine in a meeting with Bob so he's a fan of what it is you're trying to enable.
Right.
Hi, the thing is I'm a very big wine kind of sewer and I'm just trying and I know the people I know exactly who you're talking about it's just that they're they've got so many different things and ultimately in most retailers they have a category captain for like laundry and for you know etc, but they don't usually have a category captain for wine because there's nobody
who can run the entire category so they lead to your point they outsource it to a agency of some sort right so the one thing I like.
Given the problem you're talking about, there's like 2 places I would go look at to begin.
One would be, Wegmans. I don't know if you're familiar with Wegmans.
Like.
Very regional. It's probably one of the smartest retailers in the world to me. It just know everything about it and to Get one of those people who run a Wegmans and how they because they do wine tasting they do wine pairing they do like all of that stuff live in the store Right.
And just to be honest, it might be worth a trip. That, that's how important I think it's that it's that important.
The other one would be total wine because total wine is actually trying to pair wines because total wine is actually trying to pair wines without actually trying to pair wines without actually trying to pair wines without actually, you know, knowing the food.
Yeah.
And so how do they train those their floor people to actually help with the with why and like actually make those trade-offs?
And so ultimately understanding those struggling moments wrapped around because it's almost like you want to take those 2 those 2 people would be what I consider kind of like the the successful people doing something like this and say, all right, now how do I bring it to everybody else?
Got it. Yeah.
Does that make sense? Cause it's just it's. It's how do I say from my perspective it's so so focused on the food and beverage manager and they're such, they're a small part of that bigger system that they usually don't have money to buy things and they if anything it's all about product and they don't they know their discounts but they have a hard
time buying things to stop the discounting because it's kind of like I gotta spend you know 50 grand to save me 200 grand like like and I don't know I'm gonna do that they they're not risk takers like that.
So that's why I have a little perplexed by it, but it doesn't, it doesn't mean you can't figure out the struggling moments wrapped around it, but it might not be this specific one.
I would actually do a little bit more. As you talk to these people, what else do they struggle with as opposed to leading with your product, leading with one of the top 3 things that if you could fix would make your life way easier.
So.
Right? And you might be able to twist it into what you're doing, but my belief is you gotta get, you've got to actually understand their, their true struggling moments that they're willing to fight for something to get it in.
Yep. Yeah.
Yep, so, Bob, I'm gonna, jump in because I think we have to put a PIN on this one, unfortunately, and we have, I want you get at least 3 more looks because we have 3 hands up and we'll see if we can seek anything else in, but we'll, Yep.
Yeah, yeah. But we, come back to it. It's just, it's a, it's a very tough one from my perspective.
That's a tough one, yeah. Yeah. All right, so.
Cool.
Thank you so much.
Nothing. I'm not saying you're wrong, I'm just saying I haven't seen it and I just in my mind it's a very hard.
It's a hard lift.
Okay, let's do like. 3 min per, let's just do really rapid fire snow.
Go ahead.
Okay, I can't go that fast.
No, I'm telling the founders to be fast, Bob. You are good.
Okay.
Okay. Okay, let me try. Hi, Bob. Yeah, I'm Snow, from Romare and that we help customers selecting engineering resources with enhancing their workflows.
By enabling custom check GPT. In their communication platforms like Slack, Microsoft Teams or Hubspot.
Okay.
Yeah, so before the JTBD, our major audience, major major customers, we thought that it was engineers.
Yes.
So we started as a functional functionality. But after having the JTB the interview, it turned out that the leaders executives who have who has not enough engineering resources in the company but they As tumbled on the cutting edge technology, the LLM apps and then they want to use it in there company.
They want to, they want their staffs, their employees actually use that kind of technologies to stay competitive.
Yep.
So that is what we found. So my question is that I have actually I have 2 but let me go with the one.
But, yeah. Go ahead.
Yeah, so I have concerned that. This is not the hair on fire. I mean, it's not because they are, they, they don't face the problem already.
They stumbled on the new technology and they had some idea and they have some problem adopting it.
I'm not sure if it lasts.
Yeah, yeah, so part of this is so I've done a lot of work in the kind of engineering resource space, right?
And what I'll say is that in some cases, One of the reasons to buy a new solution is the fact this is you can onboard people faster.
Then other people because chat the chat GPT can help these engineers become productive like new engineers can become more productive faster Right?
And so the chat, is like, there, they, to be asked, they don't care about the AI.
They care about like, how do you make sure that somebody who's kind of on board, I don't have to spend 3 months or 5 months to get them up to speed, they can literally ask the questions instead of because here's the thing is most people don't know what to do in their 1st couple days and so they have a manager somebody look behind them but if you could actually use the the the LLM to basically be
the surrogate version of the manager. Now all of a sudden you're not, because what happens is the manager loses their T for trying to onboard somebody new.
So this becomes almost an onboarding tool to help me basically get my engineers up to speed running faster and and and to the artist be more cohesive.
I don't think you're gonna get them to basically build it as an efficiency communication tool, but if you can spin it as like we can help you get your new employees up to speed faster or we can we can eliminate basically the 2 big higher and fire jobs are basically I'm spending too much time not doing the work doing other things.
So if you can free my managers up, so like One of the problems is like the really good engineers end up getting all the questions and then they can never do the work that they should be doing.
That's actually a really big problem for most engineering organizations because the really good engineers get all the questions.
That's right.
And so if you actually help build the LLM for like their best engineers, so then literally everybody in the organization can ask the LLM, but they don't need to bother the person who's the good engine because a good engineer doesn't really want to like the struggling moments you hear is like I'm sick of answering the same question over and over again Right?
That's right. That's right.
And so if you can actually, actually record those things and literally have people ask the LLM that then it's it but most people don't know even know where to look for stuff so I I think it's that's a that's a great I, I would look at it as a way of onboarding and scaling faster.
I get it, I get it.
Cause I think if you spin around communication, everybody knows there's a communication problem, but they can't, they can't tie it back to kind of either a productivity or a cost or something that's there.
And but if you get to onboarding like because the outboarding is like I have I'm paying somebody to learn and I'm paying my most expensive person to train that person That's just like, that's a disaster.
That's right, that's right.
Am I making sense or my?
Cool.
Yeah, it makes sense. I had, like to check, if I get it right.
Yep.
That's right.
Yes.
So our end users, they are not engineers. Our makers, they are also not engineers. So executives or the the makers who don't know how to code they want to build some Q&A both by themselves so that they can save their time to answer.
That's correct. That's correct.
To other questions. So that you. So you can, you're suggesting that it's more about the onboarding.
Okay. Yeah, so one of the things you realize is that, the engineering community is actually a very bully.
Type culture. Like if I'm a new engineer and I go to my manager and say like I don't know how to do this and and they said well what did you try and I tried nothing they will literally lambast me because I didn't try anything.
And so most people have to try a bunch of things before they actually can go to their manager. And if this is the half step between it, that's a big idea.
Cause then, then the manager doesn't have to actually take the time and it they only come to him with exceptions of questions that have never been asked.
Got it.
Which is very valuable to that to the manager.
Okay, we're gonna have to switch now snow. Okay, so it's 7 min left.
Okay. Thank you very much.
Let's see if we can get through the last 2. That was great snow. Thank you. Ally, let's go.
Yes, Bob, I'm Ali from Aware. We are building your ring for mental wellness.
Okay. Okay.
And we we are pre product so we are interviewing users of competitor products among others or a ring but specifically who got these wearables to monitor their stress, their sleep, in their mental well-being because that's what we are doing at where we're building a wearable for mental well-being and to support people who live with stress.
We are halfway through our JTV budge for these consumers because we started in a different line.
Yes.
My specific question is We started identifying 3 to 4 plasters. There's a point where they start overlapping.
I won't go into that. That's my second question. The clusters are the following.
The 1st one that I think based on your advice, we may not want to focus is people who buy these for medical reasons for sleep.
I found that they tend to be more sensitive to pricing. Because they wanted for specifically you know their condition so maybe this is not the target the plaster we should focus on on the other 3 I'd like your opinion on which would be the best to focus on.
The 1st one is people who are going through changes in their lives. And they are looking for regaining control over variables.
That are critical. They want validation and they won't control because you know their life is moving too much.
The second one is in the wearable geeks, people who were one watch here, another watch here, my ring here, I love data.
But I'm also very strict on the value that I get out of it. You know, I'm very technical.
Yep.
I dig on, on the depth of the data. And the 3rd one is. People who are, you know, they want to make pragmatic adjustments to fight stress damage and improve their long term health.
Yes.
So they are already feeling the pain of stress. And they are like, okay, I need to make changes and I need to be scientific about it.
I want I want a measurement that tells me what, you know, that helps me. Run experiments and figure out what.
So that, that 3rd one really fight to fight the stress is really about help me experiment so I can manage my own stress.
Yes.
And so it's really just a piece of measurement equipment to help you realize my own stress. And so it's really just a piece of measurement equipment to help you realize like what's a baseline, how do I do it?
So it's not, it's not giving you the answers. It's literally giving you the outcome.
So you can actually say, oh, when I take honey at night, spoonful of honey before that actually doubles my RAM every night so I'm gonna take honey before I go to bed every night.
And so part of it is being able to do that. So the 1st the 2 things the medical one The medical one is actually an easier one than you think because what it is is that they're trying to build the case for their doctor.
And so the reason why that they want it cheaper is because they're used to paying insurance that they don't pay anything for their insurance and so they're trying to find something cheap because their doctor doesn't believe that they're not doing it so that so they're trying to actually build the case to show their doctor so they can do something.
And like you said, I would not touch it. It's just, it's very convoluted.
It's very hard and you have to marry with the medical system which is a disaster to begin with.
So I'm not gonna.
The the notion of taking control and fighting stress are the 2 I would focus on. The data people are gonna drive you crazy because they don't actually know why they're collecting all the data and when they have all the data they then kind of make their own conclusions of it and so you're trying to actually help them feed the beast of all this data and it makes them feel confident, but you'll get that, you'll get that market if
Hmm.
Okay.
you do the other 2. That people will automatically do that, right? So you don't need to worry about them and to be honest, they're the ones who are gonna bitch a lot about something and they're never gonna switch.
Right, so the aura, like the aura people who basically, so I worked with aura, so I know a lot about this space.
And so there's these people like Ben feel and all these other people who are wearing the or ring in the early days and everybody was actually buying the oil ring because they wanted to be like Ben Greenfield but they had no real other purpose to have it than to talk about the data.
And when you got to actually understand what they did with it, they did nothing about it. And so they're, they're, they're these people who are almost like, well, if I'm really healthy, I should be into my sleep.
I should have some data around my sleep, but I don't really use the data to do anything.
And so the other 2 are where the value is created when you do something with that data, that's where they're going to value it.
So I would tell you to focus on changes to get control. And I would take experimentation to help me fight stress.
Okay, fantastic.
Okay, I'm gonna have to call it there. That's perfect. I'm just watching the time, so we have literally probably 90 seconds left.
That was amazing guys. Thank you for your participation in Bob. That was awesome. I hope everyone in the room can feel like how many gold nuggets just came out of this conversation.
I wanted to leave you with the last minute. Do you have any final thoughts or next steps for the group?
I think the big thing is to make sure that everything you guys have is really focused on us true struggling moment.
For a person. It's it's it's who? When, where, and why.
Those are the questions I want to make sure you like if you have those 4 down and you can tell me who, when, where and why they need something new and it's compelling enough.
You're gonna have a hit. But if you can't answer those questions, specifically and concretely enough.
Then the fact is you'll be floundering for a while. So to me, make sure that you're getting this information you're extracting into who when, where, and why.
That's so true.
Are you still joining us on demo day, Bob?
Yes, I'm gonna I'm fine to fly out, I think. Let me hold on.
I'm gonna.
Yay! May 30.th
Bob's coming Oakland, y'all. He wants to see you all final product.
Perfect.
It's not, it's not, I'll come earlier, but I, my calendar, it's in June, it's like June 6.th
May 30.th
It's May 30.th
May 30.th Oh, I might be somewhere else now. I have, oh, there's a demo day.
I see it.
Right now I have a conflict but I'll see if I can resolve it. I was It's there.
We'll work on it.
Let'sYep, we'll work itWe appreciate